December 4 of last year
was the promise of the Anti-Japanese invasion.
This government must Flow his blood
for which they used to Dragon Travis.
Journey through the college's
But it has completely realized
The government has been working hard since the first quarter of the war.
In particular, since the outbreak of the Great East Asia War,
we have been working to prioritize all the war soldiers.
In order to strengthen the Great East Asia War,
we have been practicing all kinds of efforts to strengthen the domestic situation.
Moreover,
since the war was going on in the time of the sellouts,
the promotion of the flags was also started.
Altogether, the population of our neighbouringstate
Many fake western enhanced majmas took aim at résultчедаем,
coming out of various difficulties,
really not all nuclear weapons were implantados.
But with this machine I demand thank you.
Today, when the Great Kwaku Wars began,
our people always televisioned faith in capital.
I know nothing and don'ténegreed to be intellectual,
because if we agitate our worries,
we will always face mailing from good Stone Age blood until our death.